### Exercises 1.1-1
***
Give a real-world example in which one of the following computational problems appears: sorting, determining the best order for multiplying matrices, or finding the convex hull.

### `Answer`
* There are many applications for sorting, such as e -commerce websites sort the goods at the price at the price
* The multiplication process in computers are time consuming than addition process. If we have three or more matrices to multiply, then we should check the order in which to multiply to reduce the number of multiplications.
* [From Wiki]The problem of finding convex hulls finds its practical applications in pattern recognition, image processing, statistics, geographic information system, game theory, construction of phase diagrams, and static code analysis by abstract interpretation. It also serves as a tool, a building block for a number of other computational-geometric algorithms such as the rotating calipers method for computing the width and diameter of a point set. also application in [CV](http://docs.opencv.org/doc/tutorials/imgproc/shapedescriptors/hull/hull.html).


### Exercises 1.1-2
***
Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?

### `Answer`
Memory use, resource occupation (network, disk, etc.)
Memory requirement, Degree of parallelism, Resource use( cpu or gpu cycles, Disk IO etc), Accessibility(Cloud/local)


### Exercises 1.1-3
***
Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.

### `Answer`
For array, the access speed is fast, and the size cannot be dynamically adjusted.

### Exercises 1.1-4
***
How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?

### `Answer`
* The same point: all find a path in the figure
* Different points: The shortest route is to find the path between two points, but the travel providers have to traverse all points and return to the starting point. It is a full arrangement problem.
* In travelling salesman problem we want to know an order of delivery of stops that yields "lowest overall distance" travelled .
* This "lowest overall distance" is similar to shortest path finding situation .
* Shortest path is polynomially solvable but travelling -salesman is NP-Complete

### Exercises 1.1-5
***
Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which a solution that is "approximately" the best is good enough.

### `Answer`
This question is so abstract 0 0. If you are unreasonable, you can't find the best.




***
Follow [@louis1992](https://github.com/gzc) on github to help finish this task.

